Question 1:
 
Method 1 (Positional indexes)
Since the Vector Space Model works like a bag of words, we will use this concept and process the phrasal search to consider the ordering of words in a document. 

Algorithm sketch:
1. Treat the different terms in the phrasal search 
2. Continue as per normal with the usual vector space calculations and normalise for each term
3. OR the different terms together.

The result may not return documents where the words are in the correct order.
Eg: "Clinton beats Trump" and "Trump beats Clinton"

Thus we need to look look at the positional indices of the words to check the permutations.
We can also use a soft conjunction on the phrasal query to ensure that there are no missing words and use this to rank the documents.

Method 2 (biword indexes)
Instead of just looking at individual words, we could use biwords or triword indexes instead. 
This would ensure more accurate results by provide some form of ordering for us to search upon. 
However, this would take up alot of space.

Question 2:

i) A longer queries will take longer computation time to generate ranked documents compared to shorter queries
due to increase in number of terms that needed to be processed since no form of heuristic is done to choose
selected number of terms. A longer docoment would be ranked lower due to cosine normalization which
punishes term weight in accordance to length.

ii) It is not sufficient as shown in the plot of relevance against document length where the
normalization factor causes the calculated relevance to deviate away from actual relevance 
of the documents. We will need to implement a pivoted document length normalization to circumvent 
the situation.

iii) The ltc.lnc will be sufficient for the Reuter-21578 collection if the query does not contain terms
that occur frequently in the collection. Since idf is not performed, rarer terms are not weighted 
more heavily compared to common terms like "of" or "and" which may affect relevance of retrieved
documents. However, since normalization is performed, it may not have such a big impact.

Question 3:

Yes. When the user specifies a zone to search for, we are able to make our searches relevant and return more accurate results to the user.
Though some documents may not contain metadata, we could use information such as first line of 
the document as title for a document. 
